this is it your bachelorette weekend
what's on my head there's gonna be so
many hot my
we're gonna be swimming and dead girls
hi Alice
Peter hi and get out of here she's mine
now yeah I'm getting too much trouble
okay yeah we don't get to see each other
a lot because we're all so busy with our
lives
- what do you do for work these days
well singer-songwriter is the dream
potty clown is the reality
but this weekend's all about us just
like old times from The busboy so
everyone's an animal
stop being a stupid Angela
cocaine sorry I did a little bit
of it
[Music]
[Applause]
let's go beans let's get to the main mic
you feel special
[Applause]
[Music]
Nicole please no no no flips over and
then we'll call the police
let's get rid of all the drugs on it
nobody doing them okay so much tell me
what to do and I will do it
uh-huh my uncle's a lawyer should call
him first
so what is he an accident thank God you
don't touch the body
what okay so actually we have already
moved him that could be up to 15 years
in prison
oh my god
[Music]
right flam or hi baby boy sleep now
oh no no no no
[Music]